Dear Jiacheng,


First, I am very happy to confirm that you are selected in the 4+4 program with FRANCE to come to ECOLE CENTRALE NANTES.

My name is Nathalie THIERS, I am working with Professor HETET, he meets you a few weeks ago in China.

Professor HETET will be out of his office for the next two weeks, please reply to me and only me. Professor HETET will no longer read his mails. From now on, I will be your contact here in Nantes to help you make your EIFFEL application better.


Please make sure to always read my emails and answer me fast. Indeed, I must have your EIFFEL application complete and confirmed before Christmas holidays on December 16th!

Here are my remarks on your application:

- CV:

* In your "Education" section: make it more readable, maybe separate date and content. Put it in chronological order.

*You can replace "Internship experience" by "Work experience"

* Do not write sentences in your CV, put Fact or key words. For example in your Intership section : put it in a chronological order.


- Professional Project: 


Keep in mind that  you should answer the following questions:

*  Who are you and what do you do + add 1-2 sentences about yourself.

The sentence where you talked about your ranked is good!

*  Why did you choose to apply to the Double Degree programme with Groupe des Ecoles Centrales? Why France? (you can use the importance of languages that you wrote already, it was good)

*  Explain why a generalist programme interests you. Then explain why you picked Centrale Nantes and show that you know about the programme you will be following by explaining which speciality you will pick in your 2nd year and maybe explain where you would like to   do your long internship.

*Do not talked about your financial difficulties, the more important is why you apply for Ecole Centrale de Nantes

*  Then, you must clearely explain what your professional goals are: where do you see yourself working in 6 years? what kind of company? what position? In  China, In France or abroad? 

*  Finally, finish your document by a paragraph explaining breifly how the Double Degree programme at Centrale Nantes will help you acheive your professionnal goals.



  After making these changes, please date the letter on the date of the interview and sign it again.



I am available to help you to make the best application possible so do not hesitate to contact me if you have questions.



Waiting for your reply,



Best regards,